README.md, before:

# LeetCode 75 Blind Questions Challenge

[**Blind 75**](https://www.teamblind.com/post/New-Year-Gift---Curated-List-of-Top-75-LeetCode-Questions-to-Save-Your-Time-OaM1orEU) is a curated list of LeetCode questions created in 2018. We can practice these questions to save time in the job-finding process. Many other LeetCode problems are technical mixes of these individual problems.

[**Grind 75**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75/about), on the other hand, is a dynamic list of top LeetCode interview questions created in 2023. It's more up-to-date and well-chosen. We can personalize it according to our schedule, time constraints, and preferences. I practice Grind 75 in parallel on this [**repository**](https://github.com/open-minded13/2023_LeetCode_Grind_75_Questions_Challenge).

Goal: To achieve the review of the application of the following data structures and algorithms.

- Data Structures: (1) Arrays; (2) Stacks and Queues; (3) Linked Lists; (4) Trees; (5) Graphs; (6) Sorting; (7) Hashing.
- Algorithms: (1) Greedy Method; (2) Divide and Conquer; (3) Tree Searching Strategies; (4) Prune and Search; (5) Dynamic Programming; (6) The Theory of NP-Completeness.

## 1. Array

- [x] [Easy 1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 217. Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
- [x] [Medium 11. Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Two-Pointer Technique
- [x] [Medium 15. 3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Two-Pointer Technique and Dictionary (Hashmap); DS: Hashing
- [x] [Medium 33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Binary Search Algorithm, which follows the divide and conquer approach.
- [x] [Medium 53. Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Kadane's Algo
- [x] [Medium 152. Maximum Product Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/) | Algo: Kadane's Algo
- [x] [Medium 153. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | Algo: Binary Search Algorithm, which follows the divide and conquer approach.
- [x] [Medium 238. Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/) (picked in Grind 75)

## 2. Dynamic Programming

- [ ] [Easy 70. Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)
- [ ] [Medium 55. Jump Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/)
- [ ] [Medium 62. Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)
- [ ] [Medium 91. Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/)
- [ ] [Medium 139. Word Break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/)
- [ ] [Medium 198. House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)
- [ ] [Medium 213. House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/)
- [ ] [Medium 300. Longest Increasing Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-subsequence/)
- [ ] [Medium 322. Coin Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/)
- [ ] [Medium 377. Combination Sum IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-iv/)
- [ ] [Medium 1143. Longest Common Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-subsequence/)

## 3. Graph

- [ ] [Medium 128. Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)
- [ ] [Medium 133. Clone Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/)
- [ ] [Medium 200. Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)
- [ ] [Medium 207. Course Schedule](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/)
- [ ] [Medium 417. Pacific Atlantic Water Flow](https://leetcode.com/problems/pacific-atlantic-water-flow/)
- [ ] [Alien Dictionary (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/alien-dictionary/)
- [ ] [Graph Valid Tree (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/graph-valid-tree/)
- [ ] [Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-connected-components-in-an-undirected-graph/)

## 4. Interval

- [ ] [Medium 56. Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)
- [ ] [Medium 57. Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)
- [ ] [Medium 435. Non-overlapping Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/non-overlapping-intervals/)
- [ ] [Meeting Rooms (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms/)
- [ ] [Meeting Rooms II (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/)

## 5. Linked List

- [x] [Easy 21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 141. Detect Cycle in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Floyd's Cycle Finding
- [x] [Easy 206. Reverse a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [ ] [Medium 19. Remove Nth Node From End Of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)
- [ ] [Medium 143. Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)
- [ ] [Hard 23. Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)

## 6. Matrix

- [ ] [Medium 48. Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)
- [ ] [Medium 54. Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/)
- [ ] [Medium 73. Set Matrix Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/)
- [ ] [Medium 79. Word Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/)

## 7. String

- [x] [Easy 20. Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 125. Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Regular Expressions, Two-Pointers Technique, String Manipulation
- [ ] [Medium 3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
- [ ] [Medium 5. Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/)
- [ ] [Medium 49. Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)
- [ ] [Medium 242. Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
- [ ] [Medium 424. Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)
- [ ] [Medium 647. Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)
- [ ] [Hard 76. Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)
- [ ] [Encode and Decode Strings (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-strings/)

## 8. Tree

- [x] [Easy 100. Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)
- [x] [Easy 104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Depth-First Search
- [x] [Easy 226. Invert/Flip Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [ ] [Easy 572. Subtree of Another Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtree-of-another-tree/)
- [ ] [Medium 98. Validate Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)
- [ ] [Medium 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)
- [ ] [Medium 105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)
- [ ] [Medium 211. Add and Search Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-and-search-word-data-structure-design/)
- [ ] [Medium 230. Kth Smallest Element in a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/)
- [x] [Medium 235. Lowest Common Ancestor of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/)
- [ ] [Hard 124. Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/)
- [ ] [Hard 212. Word Search II](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search-ii/)
- [ ] [Hard 297. Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)

## 9. Heap

- [ ] [Medium 295. Find Median from Data Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-median-from-data-stream/)
- [ ] [Medium 347. Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
- [ ] [Hard 23. Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)

## 10. Bonus: Binary

- [ ] [Easy 190. Reverse Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/)
- [ ] [Easy 191. Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)
- [ ] [Easy 268. Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)
- [ ] [Easy 338. Counting Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/)
- [x] [Medium 371. Sum of Two Integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-two-integers/)

Commit message:

new file:   2. Dynamic Programming/Easy 70. Climbing Stairs.py 	modified:   README.md

README.md, after:

# LeetCode 75 Blind Questions Challenge

[**Blind 75**](https://www.teamblind.com/post/New-Year-Gift---Curated-List-of-Top-75-LeetCode-Questions-to-Save-Your-Time-OaM1orEU) is a curated list of LeetCode questions created in 2018. We can practice these questions to save time in the job-finding process. Many other LeetCode problems are technical mixes of these individual problems.

[**Grind 75**](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/grind75/about), on the other hand, is a dynamic list of top LeetCode interview questions created in 2023. It's more up-to-date and well-chosen. We can personalize it according to our schedule, time constraints, and preferences. I practice Grind 75 in parallel on this [**repository**](https://github.com/open-minded13/2023_LeetCode_Grind_75_Questions_Challenge).

Goal: To achieve the review of the application of the following data structures and algorithms.

- Data Structures: (1) Arrays; (2) Stacks and Queues; (3) Linked Lists; (4) Trees; (5) Graphs; (6) Sorting; (7) Hashing.
- Algorithms: (1) Greedy Method; (2) Divide and Conquer; (3) Tree Searching Strategies; (4) Prune and Search; (5) Dynamic Programming; (6) The Theory of NP-Completeness.

## 1. Array

- [x] [Easy 1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 217. Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
- [x] [Medium 11. Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Two-Pointer Technique
- [x] [Medium 15. 3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Two-Pointer Technique and Dictionary (Hashmap); DS: Hashing
- [x] [Medium 33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Binary Search Algorithm, which follows the divide and conquer approach.
- [x] [Medium 53. Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Kadane's Algo
- [x] [Medium 152. Maximum Product Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/) | Algo: Kadane's Algo
- [x] [Medium 153. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/) | Algo: Binary Search Algorithm, which follows the divide and conquer approach.
- [x] [Medium 238. Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/) (picked in Grind 75)

## 2. Dynamic Programming

- [x] [Easy 70. Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Dynamic Programming
- [ ] [Medium 55. Jump Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/)
- [ ] [Medium 62. Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)
- [ ] [Medium 91. Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/)
- [ ] [Medium 139. Word Break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/)
- [ ] [Medium 198. House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)
- [ ] [Medium 213. House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/)
- [ ] [Medium 300. Longest Increasing Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-subsequence/)
- [ ] [Medium 322. Coin Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/coin-change/)
- [ ] [Medium 377. Combination Sum IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-iv/)
- [ ] [Medium 1143. Longest Common Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-subsequence/)

## 3. Graph

- [ ] [Medium 128. Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)
- [ ] [Medium 133. Clone Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/)
- [ ] [Medium 200. Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)
- [ ] [Medium 207. Course Schedule](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/)
- [ ] [Medium 417. Pacific Atlantic Water Flow](https://leetcode.com/problems/pacific-atlantic-water-flow/)
- [ ] [Alien Dictionary (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/alien-dictionary/)
- [ ] [Graph Valid Tree (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/graph-valid-tree/)
- [ ] [Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-connected-components-in-an-undirected-graph/)

## 4. Interval

- [ ] [Medium 56. Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)
- [ ] [Medium 57. Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)
- [ ] [Medium 435. Non-overlapping Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/non-overlapping-intervals/)
- [ ] [Meeting Rooms (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms/)
- [ ] [Meeting Rooms II (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/)

## 5. Linked List

- [x] [Easy 21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 141. Detect Cycle in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Floyd's Cycle Finding
- [x] [Easy 206. Reverse a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [ ] [Medium 19. Remove Nth Node From End Of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)
- [ ] [Medium 143. Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)
- [ ] [Hard 23. Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)

## 6. Matrix

- [ ] [Medium 48. Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)
- [ ] [Medium 54. Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/)
- [ ] [Medium 73. Set Matrix Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/)
- [ ] [Medium 79. Word Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/)

## 7. String

- [x] [Easy 20. Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [x] [Easy 125. Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Regular Expressions, Two-Pointers Technique, String Manipulation
- [ ] [Medium 3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
- [ ] [Medium 5. Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/)
- [ ] [Medium 49. Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)
- [ ] [Medium 242. Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
- [ ] [Medium 424. Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)
- [ ] [Medium 647. Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)
- [ ] [Hard 76. Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)
- [ ] [Encode and Decode Strings (Leetcode Premium)](https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-strings/)

## 8. Tree

- [x] [Easy 100. Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)
- [x] [Easy 104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/) (picked in Grind 75) | Algo: Depth-First Search
- [x] [Easy 226. Invert/Flip Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [ ] [Easy 572. Subtree of Another Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtree-of-another-tree/)
- [ ] [Medium 98. Validate Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/)
- [ ] [Medium 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)
- [ ] [Medium 105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/)
- [ ] [Medium 211. Add and Search Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-and-search-word-data-structure-design/)
- [ ] [Medium 230. Kth Smallest Element in a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/)
- [x] [Medium 235. Lowest Common Ancestor of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree/) (picked in Grind 75)
- [ ] [Hard 124. Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/)
- [ ] [Hard 212. Word Search II](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search-ii/)
- [ ] [Hard 297. Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)

## 9. Heap

- [ ] [Medium 295. Find Median from Data Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-median-from-data-stream/)
- [ ] [Medium 347. Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
- [ ] [Hard 23. Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)

## 10. Bonus: Binary

- [ ] [Easy 190. Reverse Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/)
- [ ] [Easy 191. Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)
- [ ] [Easy 268. Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/)
- [ ] [Easy 338. Counting Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/)
- [x] [Medium 371. Sum of Two Integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-two-integers/)
